# dnie-pkcs11-tester

This program is just a lttle PKCS#11 tester for the DNIe (Spanish eID). It is intended to be used with the pkcs11 library provided by Opensc.

The auto-tools can be used for compilng it.

    autoreconf -iv
    ./configure
    make

This creates a _dnie-pkcs11-tester_ in the current directory you can execute.

If you want you can compile by yourself (maybe it is easier) just execute a command like this:

    gcc -I. dnie-pkcs11-tester.c -o dnie-pkcs11-tester -lcrypto -ldl

Now the tester uses _dlopen_ to access to the PKCS#11 library (previously it was linked to the library in a direct way). So the library to test should be passed as the only argument.

Finally the current status of the tests which are executed is the following:

  Usage: dnie-pkcs11-tester [OPTIONS] pkcs11-lib.so

  ARGUMENTS:
    pkcs11-lib.so: PKCS#11 library to test.

  OPTIONS:
    --test=TEST -t TEST: Executes the test TEST (order or name of the test).
      This parameter can be used several times (several tests are run).
    --all -a: All default tests are executed.
    --help -h: Prints this usage.

  TESTS:
     1.- name: login
         description: Login into the DNIe.
         default: yes
     2.- name: list-objects
         description: List all objects inside the DNIe.
         default: yes
     3.- name: logout
         description: Test for login, logout and login again.
         default: yes
     4.- name: signature
         description: Performs two sequential signatures with the sign key.
         default: yes
     5.- name: authentication
         description: Performs two sequential signatures with the auth key.
         default: yes
     6.- name: interference
         description: Executes two processes in that way that one steals the secure channel of the other after the login, some sleeps are used for that, this test is 60 seconds in length.
         default: yes
     7.- name: auth-11
         description: Executes 11 signatures with the auth key. OpenSC has a default pin cache of 10 uses, DNIe v3.0 needs more.
         default: no

